I'm 13 years old.
I'm a poor man.
I'm a cute man.
I'm crying without flowers.
No, that's not it.
Oh, no, I'm in trouble.
I can't cut it.
I'll give it to someone.
Yamato!
I'm a man of the Iso Kai clan.
I'm tired of fighting with the enemy.
I'm a man of the Iso Kai clan who took the spear of Kusharue.
I see, you're a man of the Iso Kai clan.
What should I do?
I can't cut it.
I'll give it to someone.
Oh, I see.
This is a tough one.
I'm a man of the Iso Kai clan.
Go over there.
Don't run away.
I'm in trouble.
Yamato!
I'm a man of the Iso Kai clan who took the spear of Kusharue.
I'm tired of fighting with the enemy.
I see, you're a man of the Iso Kai clan.
What should I do?
I'll give it to someone.
I'm a man of the Iso Kai clan.
Yamato!
I'm a man of the Iso Kai clan who took the spear of Kusharue.
I'm tired of fighting with the enemy.
Wait.
I'm going to ask you something.
You don't have to look like that.
I'm not afraid.
I'm going to give this to someone.
One by one, the adult is blocked for the sake of the child.
There are 46 people on the side.
One person is not blocked for the sake of the child.
I thought I should just look at it.
No, I can't.
I don't know how crazy my hand is about to do it with my chest.
The cute beaded neck is a dead man.
The black chopsticks coming from behind are a dead man.
Why do you cut the beloved merchant?
I wish I could have shot him with my chest.
I was going to do that, but why did I go crazy?
I have a fallen beaded neck.
I tried it, but do you want to stick it together?
When I was in an accident, a lot of people came to me and Thanekabayashi zucchini has beenaded in to prove that-
this was a sewage testimony of Moriki.
It was 1950.
Hazere Mkozuke sentThis twitching
Merelia project was invited by Kotoine.
They performed Seien
and became friends.